Clarify test data section (#540)
Kattis/problem-package-format: spec/2025-09.md

## Test data

The test data is provided as separate [test cases](#test-cases) in subdirectories of `data/`:

Directory              | Described In                      | Description
---------------------- | --------------------------------- | -----------
`data/sample/`         | [Samples and full feedback](#samples-and-full-feedback) | Sample test data
`data/secret/`         | [Test cases](#test-cases)         | Secret test data
`data/invalid_input/`  | [Invalid input](#invalid-input)   | Inputs that must be rejected by input validator. 
`data/invalid_output/` | [Invalid output](#invalid-output) | Outputs that must be rejected by output validator.

> `data/valid_output/`   | [Valid output](#valid-output)     | Outputs that must be accepted by output validator.

Author: ```suggestion
`data/invalid_input/`  | [Invalid input](#invalid-input)   | Inputs that must be rejected by at least one input validator. 
`data/invalid_output/` | [Invalid output](#invalid-output) | Outputs that must be rejected by the output validator.
`data/valid_output/`   | [Valid output](#valid-output)     | Outputs that must be accepted by the output validator.
```

Test cases and [test data groups](#test-data-groups) will be used in lexicographical order on test case or test data group name.
It is good practice to use a numbered prefix such as `00`, `01`, `02`, `03`, and so on, to get the desired order of test cases, while keeping the file names descriptive.
Remember that the numbered prefixes should be zero padded to the same length to get the expected lexicographical order.

### Test data groups

The secret data may be subdivided into test data groups.
Every subdirectory of `data/secret/` that contains a `test_group.yaml` configuration file is a test data group.
There can only be test data groups *or* test cases in `data/secret`, never both.
That is, if there are any groups in `data/secret/` then there must not be any `.in` files directly in `data/secret/` nor any subdirectories that are not groups, and vice versa.
The name of a test data group is the path under `data/`.
For example, the test data group defined by the configuration file `data/secret/group1/test_group.yaml` has the name `secret/group1`.

The test data groups themselves can contain directories, but not further groups.

> This means that there are no `test_group.yaml` further down in the directory hierarchy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means that there must not be any `test_group.yaml` further down in the directory hierarchy.
```

`full_feedback`           | Boolean                             | `true` in `sample`, otherwise `false`          | See [Samples and full feedback](#samples-and-full-feedback).

### Input

Each test case can supply input via standard input, command-line arguments, and/or the file system.
These options are not exclusive.
Note that since `.in` is required for all test cases, if there should be no input on standard input, an empty `.in` must still be provided.
For a test case with a non-empty `.in`, it is piped to the submission as standard input.
The submission will be run with the `args` sequence defined in the `test.yaml` file as command-line arguments.
Note that usually the submission's entry point, whether it be a binary or an interpreted file, will be the absolute first command line argument.
However, there exist languages, such as Java, where there is no initial command line argument representing the entry point.

The `.files` directory, if it exists, contains input files available to the submission via file I/O.
All files in this directory must be copied into the submission's working directory after compiling, but before executing the submission,

> possibly overwriting the compiled submission file or included data in the case of name conflicts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
possibly overwriting the compiled submission file or [included](#included-files) files in the case of name conflicts.
```
